DOC - clearer logo recommendation (#2120)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/accessibility.md

We recommend that you support dark mode by providing either a single version of
your logo that works well in both light and dark modes, or two separate
versions. We also recommend that you supply alt text for your logo in any place
that the image appears by itself without a visible text version of the logo.

> For example, if you have the Nike swoosh logo all by itself, you should supply
> the alt text "Nike," whereas if you have the swoosh image followed by
> the word "Nike" in visible, regular, copy-paste-able text, then you do not
> need to provide alt text.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if you have the Python snake logo all by itself, you should supply
the alt text "Python," whereas if you have the snake image followed by
the word "Python" in visible, regular, copy-paste-able text, then you do not
need to provide alt text.
```
